tackles challenges unenthusiastically and with a negative attitude.
adapts harshly to most new situations and challenges.
completes most tasks in a late manner.
has missed assignment due dates.
completes work, but sometimes seems rushed.
is an unmotivated worker, but occasionally gets distracted by others.
demonstrates laziness and produces below medium results.
abilities on below level with course, more study would help.
works well with others, but unable to work independently when needed.
shows zero ambition on challenging assignments and fails to ask for help when needed.
has at times trouble transitioning from one activity to the next.
has shown some improvement on expressing own ideas.
can at times offer insight in group discussions when confronted.
appears uninterested most times to ask questions or seek clarification.
possess mediocre organizational skills and note taking needs drastic improvement.
has often forgotten notebook or textbook for class.
has shown improvement in dealing with tough course work, but I highly recommend studying more.
needs drastic improvements in studying for tests.
sometimes not interested in applying self to group discussions.
provides background knowledge about topics of particular interest to them.
tackles classroom assignments, tasks, and group work ONLY when pushed to do so.
never completes assignments in the time allotted.
checks carelessly before submitting work and could avoid a lot of simple mistakes.
avoids group discussions on topics in class.
needs to be a bit more active participant.
comes into class sometimes unprepared and has indicated little motivation to improve.
has to be instructed multiple times before getting started on class assignments.
can take a bit long to settle down and get started with warm up problem.
can improve performance if applied self more, maybe needs to review notes or ask for help during class.
occasionally shies away from a difficult task.
cooperates well with other students, but can sometimes cause distractions to others.