adapts easily to most new situations.
completes most tasks in a timely manner.
completes work with quality in mind, but sometimes seems rushed.
is a self-motivated worker, but occasionally gets distracted by others.
demonstrates hard work and medium results.
abilities on level with course, but a little more study would help.
works mostly independently and stays on task, although can be distracted by friends at times.
shows ambition on challenging assignments, but sometimes fails to ask for help when needed.
has at times trouble transitioning from one activity to the next.
builds on other’s ideas and has shown major improvement on expressing own ideas.
can at times offer insight in group discussions, but should be more active.
is at times shy to ask questions or seeks clarification when needed.
possess mediocre organizational skills and note taking needs some improvement.
uses instincts to deal with matters independently and in a positive way.
has shown improvement in dealing with tough course work, but highly recommend study more.
needs to study more for tests.
can at times become frustrated which affects class effort.
sometimes doesn'nt apply self to class discussions.
provides background knowledge about topics of particular interest to them.
tackles classroom assignments, tasks, and group work when pushed to do so.
completes assignments in the time allotted.
checks carelessly before submitting work and could avoid a lot of simple mistakes.
avoids group discussion on topics in class.
is good in class most days, but needs to be a bit more active participant.
comes into class sometimes unready.
can take a bit long to settle down and get started with warm up problem.
can improve performance if applied self more, maybe needs to review notes more.
never shies away from a difficult task, even in the odds of failure.
cooperates well with everyone and often offers advice to other students.
is able to keep up with most in class assignments.
shies away from answering questions and often relies on friends to answer.
often needs a push to get started with daily activities.
appears slightly unprepared to take tests, but has not drastically hurt test performance.
can contribute useful details for class projects, but should apply self more.
just meets expectation level of course. Please continue to review notes.
is sometimes disorganized and misplaces learning materials or leaves them behind in class.
never causes a big disruption during class, but should try and focus more on lesson.
has on several occasions been slow to get started on assigned work.
sometimes has to be asked directly to answer a question. Rarely, contributes thoughts by own will.
has shown signs of true interests in the course, but should continue studying notes.
is sometime tardy when handing in homework, or quality of homework seems a bit rushed.
should make it habit to review work more, sometimes makes simple errors.
has at times shown an insightful grasp on class lesson.
should try and focus more during class and not get distracted.
can at times shows a strong interests in the topic.
has sometimes shown signs of being under prepared for assignments and tests.