is an outgoing individual whose not afraid of attention.
is an outgoing student whose never scared of attention.
is an outgoing student whose never scared of the spotlight.
is an unreserved student whose never self-conscious of expressing personal thoughts and questions.
is an unreserved individual whose never self-conscious of posing questions and sharing ideas.
is a very outgoing individual whose always happy to share ideas.
is a very outgoing individual whose always willing to share ideas and opinions.
is a naturally outgoing individual, frequently willing to share ideas and opinions.
is a extrovert whose always eager to share ideas and answer class questions.
is a extrovert whose frequently eager to share opinions/ideas during class.
is a natural extrovert whose happy to share ideas and answer class questions.
is a natural extrovert whose always happy to share ideas and answer class questions.
is a student who loves the spotlight and constantly willing to answer class questions.
is a student who loves attention and regularly willing to answer class questions.
is a student who adores attention and regularly willing to share ideas.
is a student who adores the limelight and regularly willing to share ideas.
is an individual who loves the limelight and frequently willing to share opinions.
is an individual who loves the spotlight and continually willing to share opinions.
is an individual who loves sharing thoughts and posing questions in class.
has never shied away from answering questions or sharing opinions during class.
has never shied away from sharing ideas during class.
has never shied away from the limelight and frequently contributes ideas during class.
has never shied away from the limelight and regularly express ideas during class.
has never shied away from the spotlight and generally express ideas during class.
has always contributed ideas and opinions during the duration of class.
is always contributing opinions and eager answer class questions.
is time and time again contributing ideas during class.